All right everyone.
So real seen in the last video.
How to use this apply matter become our custom function to apply on one single column of the data frame
object.
Now in this video we'll see how to use of a custom function with this dot apply my turn and we'll apply
on multiple different columns so indirectly.
Now we're going to take advantage of every single column available in our data frame object manipulate
it process it and try to generate some new data.
So we are not just going to rely on a one single column instead of it we are going to take the data
from every single column.
So how we can do it.
Same apply matter we are going to use but now little bit different.
OK so we're going to take the same dataset.
So let me just executed and let us display first field of course.
So now we have all 15 columns of element.
It has.
So let's say it's not a proper business use case but let's say I want to generate one column which is
dependent on the let's say sex and a salary.
So I want to generate one new column which is giving a description for each individual.
So let's say we will generate a new description for that record will be something like men are turning
50.
Then men need to get on.
Let me display a few more records.
So is there anything we have a greater than 50 and we are females.
So women are being 50 so this way we hope to create a new column which is dependent on two different
columns like a sex and a salary.
And eventually it is going too far to make the story based on the sex sensuality.
And it will generate a new column for us.
So let's create our custom function first.
So let's say F and we'll give the function name like in the USA like we are giving the description of
individual records.
Now here we are not going to get value from one particular column.
Instead of that we are going to get value from every single value of each column.
So I'm just going to posit like a rule which will be nothing but the list as we apply this apply matter
on a whole data frame object.
We will get a list of 15 values so we'll get a list and it is having a total 15 value and 15 values
corresponding to who can consider this particular whole record.
We'll get rather than just the one individual column.
So we are going to get this.
Let's separate out.
So the first value.
Let me see first.
So first value will be let's say it will be a h then it is indicated by indexing number is zero.
So we can grab it like a Rule Zero and let's just assign it to the easy medium.
OK we are going to use this sex column in a salary column.
So this is 0 column this is first second third fourth fifth sixth 7 8 and 9 so 9 column is corresponding
to sex ten eleven twelve thirteen and fourteen so ninth column in a 14 column.
We are going to extract into two different variables.
So it's a ten column basically but indexing number is nine.
OK.
Six and let's say the salary
was indexing number is 40.
So we'll grab the data into three different variables and yet we are going to use the sex and salary
as of now.
So let us generate that description.
Let's say I'm going to create a temporary variable solicit them and let's just combine this sex and
salary variable suspects.
And I just want to concatenate sex with like Ernie
and along with that I'm just going to concatenate another variable like a cell.
And at the end of the salary each is up in like a dollar.
OK.
And legislative time this time.
So what we are done here we are going to get here one full list.
Let me just execute this function and from that list.
Grab the 10 value which is indicated by the indexing number nine and a 15 value was indexing number
is 40.
Sex and salary we'll just farm it at this particular tax and we'll return it.
So now it will use the combination of these two particular column.
And it will generate a planned new series object for us.
OK now that we created a function so let us apply this particular function on a whole data frame object.
So we have a data.
Now we're not going to grab any particular column instead of the lectures applied directly on a later.
So a blank and then the first value like a function.
So first really we define func bill passes like DSC what have you just now define.
OK now there is one more thing needs to be taken into consideration.
So let to see the documentation on display method.
So whenever we try to apply this apply matter or any function we are trying to apply it to supply method
on every single rose available and every single column available in your data frame object.
So in that case we hope to explicitly pass like a XS is equal to like a column.
Now this columns.
So this has a little confusing meaning that like access would be a column because we are applying on
every single rule you are applying on every single one axis will be column because on every single column
you are taking into consideration when you are trying to apply the same thing on a C.D. object.
In that case you don't have a column kind of concept because in that case you help by default just the
one column only.
OK so let us apply and let us see what result will get so you can see it as a return as the male earning
less than 50 hit all male earning less than really female earning less than 50 get on ledges assigned
in the F to another column.
Let's see the description
and output of this alignment with the help of the function video created like the chassis.
Now what happens is that when we apply this match turn on no data frame object.
This function has gone to every single rows of elements and those particular row has been passed the
every single function.
So this is like instead of passing any particular value to the function first function is going to every
single course and those that code has been passed to the function like a D C.
So that is what the concept of this parallel programming and a big data analysis kind of system.
OK so let me just execute it.
Now let's just see full data frame object
so you can see the very last column it has generated like a male earning less than 58 I'll be taking
a brand new column whose name is description.
So in earlier video you've seen how to apply custom function with display macro not one single column
but with this kind of mechanism you can apply your custom function on a multiple different columns so
you can apply this custom function on every single column on a whole data object.
OK so that is all about the story of this applied matter.